salz:salt
pfeffer:pepper
zucker:sugar
butter:butter
olive:olive
zwiebel:onion
sahne:cream
eier:egg
wasser:water
milch:milk
mehl:flour
petersilie:parsley
knoblauchzehe:garlic
zitrone:lemon
paprika:paprika
weibwein:wine
kartoffeln:potato
eigelb:yolk
dünne:thin
honig:honey
parmesan:parmesan
thymian:thyme
frühlingszwiebeln:spring onion
zimt:cinnamon
senf:mustard
vanillezucker:vanilla sugar
basilikum:basil
zucchini:zucchini
champignon:mushroom
karotte:carrot
ingwer:ginger
mandeln:almond
sonnenblumenöl:sunflower
käse:cheese
olive:olive
frischkäse:cream cheese
walnüsse:walnuts
schnittlauch:chive
schinken:ham
koriander:coriander
minze:mint
lorbeerblatt:laurel leaf
rosmarin:rosemary
mascarpone:mascarpone
muskatnuss:nutmeg
tomate:tomato
oregano:oregano
kreuzkümmel:cumin
erdbeeren:strawberry
naturjoghurt:yoghurt
mayonnaise:mayonnaise
möhren:carrot
essig:vinegar
rotwein:red wine
spargel:asparagus
kirschtomaten:cherry tomato
kurkuma:turmeric
mozzarella:mozzarella
bohnen:beans
apfel:apple
sellerie:celeryt
himbeeren:raspberry
orange:orange
samen:seed
nudeln:noodles
garnelen:shrimp
gurke:cucumber
schokolade:chocolate
muskat:muscat
apfelessig:apple vinegar
cayennepfeffer:cayenne pepper
semmelbrösel:breadcrumb
spinat:spinach
kokosmilch:coconut milk
ananas:pineapple
sojasobe:soybean
rotweinessig:red wine vinegar
pfefferkörner:peppercorn
majoran:marjoram
chilischote:chili pepper
rindfleisch:beef
birnen:pear
pinienkerne: pine nuts
hefe:yeast
kürbis:pumpkin
ketchup:ketchup
essiggurken:pickles
erdnüsse: peanuts
radieschen:radish
kakaopulver:cocoa
brötchen:bun
schalotte:shallot
bacon:bacon
pistazien:pistachios
spaghetti:spaghetti
margarine:margarine
möhre:carrot
banana:banana
pilze:mushroom
brokkoli:broccoli
koriandergrün:coriander green
ricotta:ricotta
aprikosen:apricots
lachs:salmon
couscous:couscous
gorgonzola:gorgonzola
heidelbeeren:blueberry
blattsalat:lettuce
blumenkohl:cauliflower
haselnüsse:hazelnuts
schweinefleisch:pork
risottoreis:risotto
pecorino:pecorino
mais:corn
vinaigrette:vinaigrette
buttermilch:buttermilk
kürbiskerne:pumpkin seed
cognac:cognac
baguette:baguette
curry:curry
feigen:figs
thunfisch:tuna
marshmallow:marshmallow
rotkohl:red cabbage
quinoa:quinoa
rübe:turnip
safran:saffron
avocado:avocado
kaffee:coffee
pflaumen: plums
sauce:sauce
auberginen:eggplant
sherryessig:sherry
pancetta:pancetta
schnittlauchröllchen:chive
kopfsalat:lettuce
brombeeren:blackberry
stärkemehl:starch flour
erbsen:pea
meerrettich:horseradish
trauben:grape
pimentkörner:allspice
brot:bread
miesmuscheln:mussels
palmzucker:palm sugar
erdnussöl:peanut oil
kokosöl:coconut oil
brunnenkresse:watercress
kidneybohnen:kidney beans
pekannüsse:pecans
sauerkraut:sauerkraut
mangos:mango
cornichons:cornichons
maiskörner:corn kernels
grünkohl:kale
stangensellerie:celery
gans:goose
kartoffel:potato
kondensmilch:condensed milk
mandelstifte:almond pins
schweineschulter:pork
fischfilet: fish
tofu:tofu
putenbrust:turkey
spinatblätter:spinach
bier:beer
chorizo:chorizo
zartbitter:bittersweet
wassermelone:watermelon
wurst:sausage
gurken:cucumber
chia:chia
sesam:sesame
mandelmilch:almond milk
maisstärke:cornstarch
paniermehl:breadcrumbs
korianderblätter:coriander
chinakohl:chinese cabbage
apfelwein:cider
dijon:dijon
gruyere:gruyere
anchovis:anchovy
granatapfel:pomegranate
baiser:meringue
aubergine:aubergine
venusmuscheln:clam
herzmuscheln:cockle
balsamessig:
gulaschfleisch:goulash
mortadella:mortadella
kräutersträubchen:herbal
karpfen:carp
herz:heart
perlzwiebeln:pearl onion
hühnerbrust:chicken
pizza:pizza
rohrzucker:cane sugar
likör:liqueur
chevre:chevre
kirschen:cherry
fisch:fish
tintenfische:squid
kresse:cress
vollmilchschokolade:chocolate
ghee:ghee
artischocken:artichoke
paella:paella
marzipan:marzipan
wein:wine