sal:salt
leite:milk
alho:garlic
azeite:olive
cebola:onion
água:water
óleo:oil
manteiga:butter
farinha:flour
pimenta-do-reino:black pepper
açúcar:sugar
pimenta:pepper
trigo:wheat
limão:lemon
ovo:egg
queijo:cheese
tomate:tomato
frango:chicken
carne:meat
pimentão:chili
salsinha:parsley
cebolinha:chive
coentro:coriander
semente:seed
vinagre:vinegar
arroz:rice
gengibre:ginger
canela:cinnamon
milho:corn
cenoura:carrot
coco:coconut
margarina:margarine
parmesão:parmesan
orégano:oregano
soja:soybean
chocolate:chocolate
mussarela:mozzarella
maisena:cornstarch
calabresa:pepperoni
batata:potato
filé:fillet
manjericão:basil
presunto:ham
fermento:yeast
nozes:walnuts
tomilho:thyme
mostarda:mustard
cheiro-verde:green smell
páprica:paprika
bacon:bacon
porco:pork
baunilha:vanilla
maçã:apple
azeitona:olive
amido:starch
iogurte:yogurt
espinafre:spinach
noz-moscada:nutmeg
mandioca:cassava
amêndoa:almond
filé:filet
laranja:orange
requeijão:curd
postas:posts
macarrão:noodles
cogumelo:mushroom
camarão:shrimp
abacaxi:pineapple
ervilha:pea
linguiça:sausage
amendoim:peanuts
palmito:heart of palm
uva-passa:raisin
bacalhau:cod
alecrim:rosemary
grão:grain
maionese:mayonnaise
erva:herb
cominho:cumin
hortelã:mint
gergelim:sesame
café:coffee
morango:strawberry
tinto:red wine
repolho:cabbage
rúcula:arugula
girassol:sunflower
feijão:beans
cheese:cheese
alho-poró:leek
ameixa:plum
gema:gem
conhaque:brandy
cereja:cherry
açafrão:saffron
shoyu:shoyu
salsão:celery
alface:lettuce
mascavo:brown sugar
ricota:ricotta
gorgonzola:gorgonzola
lombo:loin
agrião:watercress
caju:cashew
salmão:salmon
atum:tuna
dendê:oil palm
cereja:cherry
curry:curry
maçã:apple
espaguete:spaghetti
champanhe:champagne
lasanha:lasagna
cogumelo:mushroom
balsâmico:balsamic
linguiça:sausage
siciliano:sicilian
uva-passa:raisin
brócolis:broccoli
toucinho:bacon
licor:liquor
manga:mango
chantilly:chantilly
chia:chia
robalo:sea bass
lentilha:lentil
risoto:risotto
pepino:cucumber
vieira:scallop
aipo:celery
cordeiro:lamb
chalota:shallot
aveia:oatmeal
alcaparra:caper
cravos-da-índia:clove
banana:banana
bife:steak
catchup:ketchup
cacau:cocoa
berinjela:eggplant
sardinha:sardines
alcatra:rump
fígado:liver
pescada:hake
colorau:paprika
tainha:muller
rum:rum
damasco:apricot
castanha:chestnut
gruyère:gruyère
lula:squid
abóbora:pumpkin
azeite-de-dendê:palm oil
couve-flor:cauliflower
peru:turkey
cerveja:beer
pernil:ham
abobrinha:zucchini
grão-de-bico:chickpea
erva-doce:fennel
paleta:palette
costela:rib
manjerona:marjoram
polvo:octopus
laranja:orange
framboesa:raspberry
ameixa:plum
pimenta-chili:chili pepper
cebolinhas-brancas:white onion
cardamomo:cardamom
damasco:apricot
nata:cream
mascarpone:mascarpone
catupiry:catupiry
champignon:mushroom
linguado:sole
provolone:provolone
linhaça:linseed
pistilo:pistil
adoçante:sweetener
amêndoa:almonds
quinoa:quinoa
tomate-cereja:cherry tomato
mexilhão:mussel
anchova: anchovy
cheiro-verde:green smell
castanha-de-caju:cashew
bicarbonato:bicarbonate
pizza:pizza
mirtilo:blueberry
castanha:chestnut
siciliano:sicilian lemon
grão:grain
alcachofra:artichoke
vagem:pod
alcaparra:caper
patinho:duck
cebolas-roxa:red onion
achocolatado:chocolate
banana:banana
blueberry:blueberry
pistache:pistachio
caranguejo:crab
sálvia:sage
majericão:majolica
pimenta-malagueta: chili pepper
pimenta-branca:white pepper
vagem:pod
mozzarela:mozzarella
fondor:fondor
maizena:cornstarch
sódio:sodium
sorvete:ice cream
glucose:glucose
framboesa:raspberry
siri:crab
ketchup:ketchup
arroz-agulhinha:rice
chalota:shallot
tofu:tofu
salame:salami
alho-poró:leek
pimenta:pepper
maracujá:passion fruit
aspargo:asparagus
pinga:drips
moranga:morang
cravo:harpsichord
agave:agave
abacate:avocado
fígado:liver
pimenta-rosa:pink pepper
tender:tender
quiabo:okr
tomate-maçã:apple tomato
pérola:pearl
cravo:carnation
champagne:champagne
pêssego:peach
castanha-de-caju:cashew nut
crustáceo:crustacean
palmeira:palm tree
pinoli: pinoli
endro:dill
funcho:gennel
yakysoba:yakysoba
tâmara:tamara
pera:pear
batata-doce:sweet potato
macadâmia:macadamia
alga:seaweed
açafrão-da-terra:tumeric
maçã-verde:green apple
cebolina:chive
cottage:cottage
cúrcuma:turmeric
calabresa:pepperoni
castanha-do-pará:brazil nuts
ameixas-pretas:black plum
ganache:ganache
escarola:escarole
aipim:wahoo
cação:cation
caramelo:caramel
uísque:whiskey
polvilho:sprinkle
goiaba:guava fruit
radicchio:radicchio
banha:lard
hester:hester
figo:fig
tangerina:tangerine
mamão:papaya
coração:heart
cebolinha:chive
sagu:sago
melancia:watermelon
amareto:amareto
maçã-verde:green apple
fuji:fuji
tahine:tahini
pimenta-síria:syrian pepper
milho-verde:green corn
guaraná:guarana
tangerina:tangerine
tilápia:tilapia
alcachofra:artichoke
leitão:piglet
carne-seca:jerky
pétala:petal
paçoca:peanut
canjica:hominy
polpa:pulp
ouro:gold
rabanete:radish
couve:kale
malagueta:hot chili
canola:canola
palmito:palm heart
acelga:chard
macaxeira:cassava
uva:grape
romã:pomegranate
fubá:cornmeal
escargot:escargot
caracol:snail
alho-poró:leek
lentilha:lentil
chouriço:chorizo
raclette:raclette
brigadeiro:brigadeiro
amarula:amarula
coco:coconut
bolacha:wafer
cachaça:cachaça
tapioca:tapioca
pêssego:peach
moscatel:uscat
anchova:anchovy
contrafilé:counterfeit
pão:bread
chorizo:chorizo
vinho:wine
pimenta-da-jamaica:allspice
abobrinha:zucchini
mortadela:mortadella
tahini:tahini
beterraba:beet
abacate:avocado
lula:squid
oregano:oregano
maria-mole:maria-mole
manga:mango
pato:duck
sidra:cider
nescau:nescau
queijo-de-minas:minas cheese
goiabada:guava paste
kiwi:kiwi
melão:melon
yogurte:yogurt
abacaxi:pineapple
pinhão:pinion gear
açaí:açaí
granola:granola
ovomaltine:ovomaltine
jaca:jackfruit
cajú:cashew nuts
banana-passa:raisin
cupuaçú:cupuassu
nescau:nescau
sêmola:semolina
avelã:hazelnut
toddy:toddy
jabuticaba:jabuticaba
rabanete:radish